Update kgs bot (#103)
AlignmentResearch/go_attack: engines/kgs-bot/README.md

> To run a bot on KGS, from base directory build the cpp-kgs container, then start it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a bot on KGS, from root directory of the repo build the cpp-kgs container, then start it:
```
